We have come a long way since we started our coding adventure into making a Responsive Medieval Board With SVG Stacks. We first stepped into SVG territory where met its inhabitants in a new light that few people have rarely seen before. We found mysterious `<symbol>`s in its long forgotten ruins which we soon discovered were meant to help us `<def>`ine our plans so that you **Don't Repeat Yourslef**. They aided us to [improve our organization], and along with proper [Namespacing], lead us to journey through [SVG in style]. We also discovered the true meaning of its hidden `<pattern>`s allowing us to [clip] through parts of the SVG and thus create more [complex shapes] which from then on we could easily recognize thanks to using proper [fragment identifiers]. But just when we thought we would end up trapped in the muddy waters of our own code... [Sass!], a brave new Hero came along to our rescue. An he wasn't alone either. A friendly guy called [BEM] also saw us in a pinch and junped to help. Under a warm fire and the soft melody of his guitar, he shared many stories and told us about how the world is made of **Blocks**, **Elements** and **Modifiers**. And then it clicked! We realized we probably wouldn't be the only ones visiting these lands. We needed to pave the way and support other explorers who wish to browse through its many misteries. However, an important decision had to be made first; should we start from a simple trail and improve from there, or should we aim for the most beatiful path first and then add fixes as problems come along? It wasn't quite clear at the moment, but once we came to understand the true meaning of [Graceful Degradation], we knew that was the best choice for us, and so we started working on it with a so called [modernizr] guy suggested by our friends, `mixin`g in all the tools and knowledge that Sass had so kindly gave us. Our new aid did his job well, but he couln't handle all of our problems. Fortunately, we find out that we could combine what he called its "detects" to achieve the same goal, which finally allowed us to [do things differently when then can't be done the usual way].
